a somewhat overused term in politics is
arguing in bad faith and it can be a
meaningful term and can also be
hackneyed and overused and meaningless a
little thought experiment to ask
yourself some time especially if you're
being overly harsh and criticizing
someone you love and someone you care
about is would it actually satisfy you
would it actually end the argument would
end the disagreement if the person
you're debating with said the exact
opposite of what they're currently
saying so we're here talking about bonny
Rebecca and whether or not beauty and
body image issues matter and veganism I
think i'ma talk a little bit about vegan
gains - right often enough in situations
in life where I point out to people
political considerations that are so
unexpected that are so outside of their
frame of reference in political compass
that they think I'm being unreasonable
and nothing they could say would would
satisfy me so like if I make a statement
about First Nations people and genocide
and the history of the British Empire
they may react and they may not really
articulate at this this clearly they may
react by saying look nothing is going to
satisfy you you're just interested in
political correctness or cultural
relativism you have some agenda or
you're just biased against me you're put
in whatever I say about First Nations
people nothing can satisfy you and no
that's that's not the case actually kind
of almost anything will satisfy me I'm
actually open to a really broad range of
kind of fablet opinions but like if the
point of contention is that I say yeah
what the British Empire did to
indigenous people in Canada is genocide
is cultural genocide and attempted
outright genocide in many cases you know
if if you say that also then we don't
have to dispute you may have a different
angle on you may have a different
interpretation there may be be a range
of values now for viewers of this
channel that's not that shocking you can
imagine many times they had
conversations people about the politics
of Cambodia where they're deeply shocked
and can't believe what I'm telling them
about the role of the United Nations in
Cambodia where they really cannot bow
leave when I tell them that the United
States government supported communism in
Cambodia that's specifically Ronald
Reagan bankrolled financed and provided
armaments to the most notorious
communists in the world the Pol Pot
faction of democratic Kampuchea normally
referred to as as the Khmer Rouge so you
guys are gonna be in conversation one
day then wow that's so far out of left
field that's so unexpected like buddy
nothing I can say about Cambodia is
satisfy you oh oh no actually I'm really
just sharing with you an unfamiliar you
know perspective and actually kind of in
a sense anything you'd say was that
that's not the case
see see I'm saying so had a bunch of
people predictably enough react I think
in bad faith to what I've said about
bonny Rebecca had a bunch of people
react by insisting that she's really
attractive sir I laugh in them though
saying that because to me it's so
telling about who the people really are
on the other side it's so it's so
damning to your side of this discussion
that I pity you and and I laugh at you I
do alright but look let's do the same
thing what if I said the exact opposite
of what I had said what if I said quote
she's morally and intellectually
bankrupt she's wrong and she's bad and
she's stupid
but she's so attractive that it's okay
that would be the opposite all right
that would be the opposite of my
position but would that satisfy you
no it wouldn't you'd probably regard
that as sick and twisted and perverted
and wrong so you are actually in a bad
faith position here nothing I say about
human beauty and attractiveness will
satisfy you only if I remain completely
silent will you be satisfied and that's
not what I'm gonna do and it would be
just as insincere and immoral if I went
around pretending like oh I have a moral
monopoly on discussions of First Nations
people
their politics if anything you say I'm
gonna attack if I behave like hey I'm
the moral authority on Cambodia nobody
else can have an opinion about communism
and the history of Cambodia and anything
you say I'm gonna attack you your
position here is any any statement about
who's attractive and who's unattractive
is inadmissible right and then it gets
even more hypocritical because it's in
reality it's anybody's opinion except
yours right so human sexuality and
attractiveness matter there are things I
talk about in this channel all the time
I give dating advice I talk about my
real love life I talk about other
people's of us have even done interviews
via skype with other people we talk
about their love lives so love and human
sexuality always has been a part of this
channel since year one if not day one
and it's always gonna be a part of this
channel and I provide real talk with I
think honesty and integrity and I think
I've brought a real contrast to what a
lot of the scam artists are gonna tell
you about beauty love matters of the
heart and you know even indeed the the
perception of beauty and health and
certainly the quality and caliber of
discussion on this channel of those
issues is at a much much higher level
than what you can get on Bani Rebecca's
channel I believe today there are only
143 videos on her channel so you can
just go and look at the list of titles
it's not that hard to generalize I have
over 1,000 videos on this channel so you
might not even know you might not even
know that I do videos talking about
dating you know and romance and and
beauty but those things are they are
worth discussing that worth discussing
seriously have a comment here from Lissa
Smith Lissa Smith writes personally I
think she's really pretty
period so you have an opinion this is
not a situation where you are
criticizing me for daring to have an
opinion on something where I ought not
to have an opinion this situation where
you have an opinion and I have an
opinion and they're equally subjective
and they're on the same level morally
but you're still gonna go on to argue
how dare you have an opinion right it's
it's never gonna work if I'm here doing
movie reviews
doing music reviews if I was saying hey
Bonnie Rebecca is a terrible film maker
and a terrible musician and you say hey
you know I liked your last film I liked
her last music video that's just a
difference of opinion right it's a it's
a subjective judgment and of course part
of what we're dealing with here is a
moral and political judgment also but
what I really want to talk about here
we're gonna get into in this video or
the long term knock-on effects for how
these attitudes towards beauty lead to
people being locked into leading a
really meaningless life that has
significance both in discussing bonny
Rebecca and discussing my adversary
vegan gains so Lissa writes in and I
believe Lissa is 21 years old possibly
she's 22 now last time she mentioned she
was she was 21 and I believe bonny
Rebecca is 26 personally I think she's
really pretty I honestly do think that
but also if she's an attractive then I'm
butt-ass ugly wall okay so you know
pause what if you watch youtube videos
that make you feel stupid what if you
watch YouTube videos that make you feel
ignorant what did you watch YouTube
videos from people who've really devoted
years of their life what what if i watch
youtube videos i wish this were true
about Chinese politics after sit there
and go wow this guy knows so much more
Chinese fault I'm laughing because just
yesterday I heard a podcast from a CIA
intelligence guy who's supposed to be an
expert on politics China it really did
not feel a class effect so I wish I wish
I had that humbling experience more
often but there's there's not a lot of
of informed opinion nor active research
going on not that way
but you know what if you were
challenging yourself intellectually
morally philosophically or even just in
terms of life experience where there are
people gone out and done things that you
aspire to do that make you feel lazy you
don't like here's someone with okay so
you're saying if she's unattractive then
I'm ugly okay so we had a real you with
me Melissa's off-camera Melissa you were
with me when I criticized a guy who was
like
University professor criticized his book
about veganism his highly intellectual
book about veganism
and he just sent in he threw a tantrum
on Facebook he was sending me all these
you know angry masters I couldn't
believe how how childish it was you know
now I again that was kind of
mind-blowing to me and I made a video in
response to it and said okay look you
know all he could do was basically say
how dare you how dare you do a book
review how dare you have a well-informed
intellectual opinion of my book
disagreeing with it that's mind blowing
I wish this type of fragile attitude
only concerned physical beauty it
doesn't it absolutely involves
intellectual and moral conceits as well
and it's it's maybe even more tragic and
more laughable when that happens so yeah
I do book reviews most of them are
negative you know hey showed up two
through Citadis we have got got a book
review of the cities the cities an
author from from ancient Athens if you
guys don't know the book review of
Aristotle was mixed book view of Cicero
you know whatever I you know some
classical great philosophers got some
positive but sure most of the book
reviews in this channel are negative and
I know it's really really hurt those
authors but guess what if you're a bad
book you can change you can write a new
book starting tomorrow
even now so Lissa you're 21 you can
change you could open a new book
starting tomorrow and your thing is
about physical beauty you can't change
most of us in all the ways that matter
you can improve we were walking around
Las Vegas Nevada and there's this really
incongruous contrast between the
beautiful people who are paid to stand
there like a vaz who are paid to stand
there like a statue just decorate the
casino and the ugly people not
necessarily old who were hunched over
you know a card table or hunched over a
computer terminal gambling smoking
cigarettes drinking alcohol and most of
them
making no effort in terms of their
physical appearance neither their style
address nor otherwise you have the kind
of ultra athletic ultra aesthetic you
know woman serving the beer or sometimes
just dancing on the table or remember
some of them were just standing on the
bar just standing still not even dancing
not doing anything just standing there
as a display of youth and health and
beauty you know eight tenths naked a
little bit more clothing than I than a
bikini just staying there being ignored
and then the crowds of the the unhealthy
ugly people and you know most of those
people if they quit smoking and quit
drinking and quit gambling and started
living a lifestyle more like the
strippers who are in the same casino of
course they could they could improve
they could improve their appearance but
you know most of them could never could
never be that attractive it's not a
choice it's not a choice you make right
being stupid is a choice as a choice
you're making today and tomorrow again
and again and again the older you get
that's why you stay stupid that's why
you stay ignorant right being immoral is
a choice and that's why so much about
this course focuses on things those
things that you can change but there are
other elements to this right like the
role of beauty here is dynamic I say
later I'm gonna get to it I would never
choose to watch a documentary or a news
channel or to get my political news from
this person rather than that person
because this person is sexy to me this
person is attractive and one of the most
kind of crushing realizations when you
walk around that casino in Las Vegas
like maybe you see a you see a waitress
or a stripper who's attractive to you
you think is anyone stupid enough that
they walk into this room and think oh
wow
I'm gonna go over there and gamble and
I'm gonna go and order a beer so that I
have a chance to talk to this track that
woman for a few seconds you know whether
that's a straight man or a lesbian woman
but isn't that even more tragic is that
sexuality is being exploited in this way
to deceive and that there are some
people out there maybe who want to be
deceived that's even more tragic that to
me is the next level that our society
adds on to this but there's the lower
underlying level that yeah we're all
unequal and most of us are not
comfortable with most of us are not
dealing with a very well including you
Lissa age 21 looking up to bonny Rebecca
at age 26 I think there's a really
important lesson for you to learn from
this
don't end up like bonny Rebecca don't
end up a no-talent bum who's morally and
intellectually bankrupt don't end up
like vegan gains whether you're a guy or
a girl you know make the decision to
live a morally upright life with a real
intellectual integrity and curiosity and
challenge yourself to keep learning and
keep growing you know and you know you
may not have a choice about being ugly
you have a choice about being an idiot
you have a choice of a living life
that's reckless and self-indulgent and
self-destructive I want you to make the
right choice
you think bonny Rebecca is gonna make
the right choice I think we know okay I
continue I'm gonna skip over a couple of
senses here because she just talks about
the details of their their health
problems when I say they I mean bonny
Rebecca and her her boyfriend so I
continue it just seems too good to be
true
they're claimed that a few bites of
salmon really healed all of their gut
and skin issues I don't know it's so
wild to think about the fact that she
was a panelist at VegFest that she
partnered with so many vegan companies
etc I even remember one vlog she was
walking past eat up the meat aisle at
the grocery store and put up a big
middle finger in front of the camera so
she you know showing her to stays for
the mean industry I honestly came here
to talk crap I need to stop haha
but dude don't make fun of her
appearance I'd kill to be half as
attractive as her makes me feel ugly AF
what does it say about you that that's
what you react you in this video that
that's the the moral of the story you
you take from why are you watching
Bonnie Rebecca and saying you'd kill to
be half as attractive as her you know
why don't you lead a life where you know
you would be the envy of Bonnie Rebecca
in those other categories like intellect
talent morality leat leading a life
that's really meaningful why don't you
put her in the shade why don't you
Eclipse her and leave her in your dust
okay I wouldn't kill to look like anyone
else I know you're half joking around
here but I think it's really meaningful
to reflect on just how dark that is just
that what it said which is what that
says about you and what your values
really are and what is your smile and
you in my video which was less than two
minutes long and said nothing about her
appearance and what you're not
responding to in that video right so my
reply was you say quote personally I
think she's really pretty
so your point seems to be that you're
entitled to have a personal opinion and
I'm not those what I said early on you
have a subjective judgement but her
appearance
so do I um but there wasn't even all
this stuff when we talk about it with
men for some reason mysteriously it's
it's not a big deal in the same way
Logan Paul of course his appearance is a
huge part of you Logan Paul has a shirt
off all the time used to boxing match
Logan Paul's face and his body has
everything to do with his success does
his sense of humor have Sonia of course
he's a comedian of course a sense of
humor also matters his ability to rap
and make music
nobody would claim that his vocal talent
is more important than his appearance
and that's okay and we can talk about
that you know I think vegan gains we can
talk about the importance of his
physique and his appearance - right and
your until death an opinion and so am i
and it matters
it's Celia it really does matter to this
discussion under any of these having
addicts
why exactly does my personal tastes not
matter when I claim she's not
intelligent and not talented you think
that isn't a matter of taste but only
claims about beauty are subjective you
have a lot of growing up to do
homie if I say she's stupid and that
makes you feel even stupider that gives
you something to reflect on but it
doesn't mean that I'm wrong in offering
the critique you've got to examine why
you only care about beauty not intellect
or morality hint you're shallow I got a
lot of feedback positive feedback
honestly the the thumbs up two thumbs
down ratio believe me was very favorable
I got a lot of feedback when I
criticized vegan gains now it's true in
that video I don't think I mentioned his
physical appearance cuz that's just not
what we were talking about in that video
but I could have I could have included
some comments but the extent to which
his fame and people taking his
recommendations on bodybuilding really
do relay to physical appearance in his
case is an interesting contrast cuz
there's his physical appearance and then
there's how often he gets injured right
I've said this on Twitter recently the
real sport is his avoiding injury the
rest is just weightlifting you know so I
do think there's a sense in which people
are probably misled by the fact that
he's good-looking and are overlooking
the extent to which he kind of like puts
himself in the hospital every so often
so he's giving you in my opinion I think
he's giving me some vetted by somebody
building and his appearance part of that
we could talk about that but what I
talked about my earlier video in vegan
gains was that he was stupid and you
know stupidity I've said this before
it's like a fire in a wastepaper basket
it's something fast-moving and always
changing and destructive and dangerous
okay I think a great example was
actually vegan gains making several
videos with rape allegations against
durianrider right I'm not fond of
durianrider I've been to court with
during Ryder
oh it was one of the people who stood up
against during Ryder and said that he
was peddling lies back when vegan gained
support
and back when vegan gains was
reciprocally supported by durianrider
right you guys know that when vegan
gains made these videos that were
frankly illegal I mean the type of
defamation involved there is against the
law I wrote two vegan gains directly and
reminded him of the videos on my channel
that absolutely calling the question and
expose you know the factual basis the
basic assumptions and claims of what he
was doing and I think it was a series of
three videos attacking during writer
right stupidity is destructive what went
into those videos for vegan gains a lot
of self-righteousness a lot of anger you
know this is how he lives his life as he
puts it he does whatever he wants to do
whenever he wants to do it I had people
writing in to me in response to that
video saying well I Zoll you're older
than vegan gains maybe 14 years older I
don't know I'm definitely more than a
decade older than Richard and he said
well you know maybe you're smarter and
wiser than Richard now but you know he's
gonna he's gonna catch up to you
I wish I wish I could believe that I
wish I could believe that about Richard
and I wish I could believe that
about Bani Rebecca okay we all know it's
not true and this is why I mean you know
this being you can look at an isolated
example like what during writer did with
the rape allegations recently deleted
because he didn't want to have this
channel deleted in fear yet retract
these things you can look at what
happened with bonny Rebecca and her
giving up veganism stupidity is a choice
your mental and intellectual
characteristics are fast changing and
it's not something that you only get the
opportunity to shape once in your
puberty that's the good news the good
news is if you chose to major in
chemistry you're not stuck with it you
can still do philosophy or politics or
learn Chinese or take on a new direction
okay the fact that I speak Chinese now
doesn't mean I gotta study Chinese rest
of my life I can become a
children's storybook writer I can you
know start doing puppet shows for
children the fact that I've done one
career doesn't preclude me from doing
another I can lead no I can learn new
things I can take on new directions but
all of it requires ambition and
open-mindedness and taking on new
challenges all of it requires a kind of
I guess steadfastness to not do whatever
it is you feel like doing to not live a
life of mindless short-term
self-indulgence which is exactly the
life that's celebrated by both bonnie
rebecca and vegan gains and that's the
sense in which i felt they were both bad
for the vegan movement and I'm not
exactly sad to see them go